1) LCE event? joiner, leaver, rehire.

   I have built custom workflow for joiner event.When user coming from HR alternative source, based on employee type we assigning birthright rule. 
From that birthright rule Active Directory account will be assigning to the user. 

Leaver: when user leave, we have to remove from the Application:
Rehire workflow: I my project there is 2 condition.
     A). If user rehire within30 days then we used to provision all entitlement and roles.
     B) if hire after 30 days: mean that user is joiner. Where have act as joiner that case provision AD account 
          ,jdbc account, dap account.

2).what types of lce (life cycle event events configured in last project or last company

 Joiner event>>rehire Event>>mover event>>leaver, Termination event(normal and emergency 
termination )

3) What is native change type of life cycle event.

   if some change happen directly on target system, and we want to use some workflow to be 
triggered in SailPoint for that, we need to enable nativeCahange detection and configure native 
change event in lifecycle event

4) What is rule based life cycle event. How it is used?
   if an event need to be triggered base on some condition every time, then Rule based life cycle 
 even

17) How can we trigger lifecycle events. What is the need of Native change Detection Event.

  Cycle Event: trigger the life cycle event for that we will run the "refresh identity qube task" With the check box of "process Events".
Native change detection : When identity Iq performs native change detection during aggregation process. 
Based on operations : create, modify, delete
The operations related to the entitlement or user difined attributes. 

18). event type is in LCE event?

Create: if any user created in sailpoint this workflow will be trigger .
Manager: If any identity manger form this manager to other manger. If any manager change automectily 
this will trigger
Attibute change: say inactive attribute change false to tru. That will automecticly execute this workflow.
Rule: I run account aggregation , next time I run again aggregation . 1st aggregartion identity we called 
previous idenity . when we run 2nd time we called 2nd identiy