1). what is the use of policy violation?
 Say user working as QA , user should not get developer access. If qa request developer 
access. This is policy violation.

2)how are you going to manage Policy violations ?
Policy violations can be managed through certifications or the policy violations page
You can also configure violations to trigger a business process to send email notifications and 
generate work items so that policy violations can be managed immediately upon detection

3) Examples of Policies ?
Separation of duties policy:-
a separation of duties policy can prohibit one identity from requesting and approving purchase 
orders.
Activity policy:-
      An activity policy can prohibit an identity with the Human Resource role from
updating the payroll application even though the identity has view access to the application.
Rule violations for a policy:-
      Rule violations for a policy, when detected, are stored in the identity cube. These violations also 
appear on identity score cards and enable you to identify high-risk employees and take appropriate action.

4) How many policies and describe them ?
  1.Custom Policies:
are any policies that were created outside of IdentityIQ to meet special needs of your
enterprise. You cannot create a custom policy from inside the product. Use the Edit Policy page 
to view
information about a custom policy, but changes made here will not affect the performance of the 
policy
  2.SOD
separation of duties policies ensure that identities are not assigned conflicting roles
  3.Entitlement SOD
separation of dutiesm policies ensure that identities are not assigned conflicting
entitlements
  4.Activity
ensure that users are not accessing sensitive application if they should not or when they
should not.
  5.Account
ensure that an identity does not have multiple accounts on an application
  6. Risk
ensure that users are not exceeding the maximum risk threshold set for your enterprise.
  7.Advanced
custom policies created using match lists, filters, scripts, rules, or populations.
To access Policies
230) how are you handling poli